Cleanup upgrade (#386)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/upgrading-mtv-ui.adoc

See link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/{ocp-version}/html/operators/administrator-tasks#olm-approving-pending-upgrade_olm-upgrading-operators[Manually approving a pending upgrade] in the {ocp} documentation.
endif::[]

> . Verify that the {project-short} pods are running:

Reviewer: thinking about this again, previously it was necessary so one won't log-in the the OCP console when the route to the old UI doesn't exist - but now with the console-plugin it's no longer needed since the user gets a notification that the console has changed and needs to be refreshed, right? I think we can drop this part of verifying that the pods are running

Reviewer: @yaacov ^

Author: OK, step, command and output removed.

+
.Example output
----
NAME                                                    READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
forklift-api-bb45b8db4-cpzlg                            1/1     Running   0          6m34s
forklift-controller-7649db6845-zd25p                    2/2     Running   0          6m38s
forklift-must-gather-api-78fb4bcdf6-h2r4m               1/1     Running   0          6m28s
forklift-operator-59c87cfbdc-pmkfc                      1/1     Running   0          28m
forklift-ui-plugin-5c5564f6d6-zpd85                     1/1     Running   0          6m24s
forklift-validation-7d84c74c6f-fj9xg                    1/1     Running   0          6m30s
forklift-volume-populator-controller-85d5cb64b6-mrlmc   1/1     Running   0          6m36s
----
+

> . If you added VMware source providers to {project-short} 2.2, upgrading to {project-short} 2.3 changes the state of any VMware providers to Critical. To fix this problem, edit the VMware provider by adding a VDDK `init` image. For more information see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/migration_toolkit_for_virtualization/2.4/html/installing_and_using_the_migration_toolkit_for_virtualization/migrating-vms-web-console#adding-source-provider_vmware[Addding a VMSphere source provider].

Author: OK

> . If you added VMware source providers to {project-short} 2.2, upgrading to {project-short} 2.3 changes the state of any VMware providers to Critical. To fix this problem, edit the VMware provider by adding a VDDK `init` image. For more information see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/migration_toolkit_for_virtualization/2.4/html/installing_and_using_the_migration_toolkit_for_virtualization/migrating-vms-web-console#adding-source-provider_vmware[Addding a VMSphere source provider].

Reviewer: the `upgrading to {project-short} 2.3` part seems awkward since users that read the 2.4 documentation are not upgrading the 2.3. it's supposed to be the same when upgrading to 2.4 but instead of changing 2.3 to 2.4, I'd drop the version we upgrade to altogether - it should be obvious that we upgrade to the latest version
```suggestion
. If you upgrade from {project-short} 2.2 and have VMware source providers defined, the state of any VMware providers would change to Critical. To fix this problem, edit the VMware provider by adding a VDDK `init` image. For more information see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/migration_toolkit_for_virtualization/2.4/html/installing_and_using_the_migration_toolkit_for_virtualization/migrating-vms-web-console#adding-source-provider_vmware[Addding a VMSphere source provider].
```

> . If you mapped to NFS on the {ocp} destination provider in {project-short} 2.2, upgrading to {project-short} 2.3 invalidates the NFS mapping. To fix this problem, edit the `AccessModes` and `VolumeMode` parameters in the NFS storage profile. The same applies for upgrading to {project-short} 2.4. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.9/html-single/virtualization/index#virt-customizing-storage-profile_virt-creating-data-volumes[Customizing the storage profile].

Reviewer: I'd go with a similar approach here as well so we won't need to include 2.5 later (at some point it would make sense to drop all things about 2.2)
